Hi, so a very short lecture
on an architecture that can come up in the exam.
So the idea is that you have your corporate data center
and it's connected to your VPC using Direct Connect.
And that's your primary connection
and it's expensive, but maybe sometimes
you will have an issue with your Direct Connect connection,
and of course, you do not want to have
no internet connection into your VPC.
Therefore, you can use a Direct Connect
as a secondary connection,
but that would be quite expensive.
Or you can set up a site to site VPN connection
as a backup connection
and set it up so that if the primary connection fails,
then it kicks in, and now you are connected
through the public internet using site to site VPN,
which can be a bit more reliable
because the internet, public internet,
may always be accessible, okay?
So this is an architecture that can come up in the exam
and I just wanted to show it to you once,
so that you know what to expect.
Okay, that's it, I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.